
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.843617                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1843616607000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1843616607000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 248643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248643                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6281412703                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 335188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   293.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    72977545                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      72977545                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           493824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20821760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           146560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1538304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           275200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25788032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       493824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       146560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       275200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          915584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7477248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7477248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7716                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            325340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             24036                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402938                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116832                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              267856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            11293975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               79496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              834395                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              149272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1362227                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13987741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         267856                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          79496                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         149272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             496624                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4055750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4055750                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4055750                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             267856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           11293975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              79496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             834395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             149272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1362227                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18043491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         69882                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        42058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       69882                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      42058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  4471360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2689856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   4472448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2691712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       17                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                4610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               4086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               4708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               2911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1842604622000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   69882                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  42058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     49770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      5325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1231                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     2155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2042                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     2273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     2956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     1943                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        20044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      357.274795                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     201.112689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     369.610579                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7222     36.03%     36.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4570     22.80%     58.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1644      8.20%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          908      4.53%     71.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          718      3.58%     75.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          515      2.57%     77.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          476      2.37%     80.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          378      1.89%     81.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3613     18.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          20044                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        38.063215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      849.708875                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           1833     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            1835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.904087                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.705845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       21.745243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-7                40      2.18%      2.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-15                6      0.33%      2.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            1558     84.90%     87.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              20      1.09%     88.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39               5      0.27%     88.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              16      0.87%     89.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              75      4.09%     93.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63               6      0.33%     94.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71               1      0.05%     94.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              15      0.82%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              72      3.92%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               3      0.16%     99.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103              2      0.11%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             1      0.05%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             5      0.27%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             2      0.11%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             2      0.11%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::240-247             1      0.05%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             2      0.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            1835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      876234250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2186203000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    349325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12541.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31291.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.46                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      58965                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     32885                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     16460645.18                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      82.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   75547080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   41146875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 269825400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                133008480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89192778480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            36154606095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           800813931750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             926680844160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.855224                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310352812250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45599580000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9807496500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   75985560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   41344875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 275121600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                139339440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89192778480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35610008715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           799074942000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             924409520670                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.996911                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1311143061750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45599580000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9002444500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4891655                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6160                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  428724                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3459344                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      685                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 165214                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8350999                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6845                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  593938                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2745673                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3063                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2748736                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928907955                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6421                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211433                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74803     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1880      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105704     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182590                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73436     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1880      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73436     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148955                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1820384307000     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39982500      0.00%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              369735500      0.02%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22821848000      1.24%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1843615873000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981725                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694732                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815789                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175329     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6784      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5177      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192244                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1908                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322243                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080630                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       30037472000      1.63%      1.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2599704500      0.14%      1.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1810978694500     98.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   33609672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     33609672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             31482741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                165750                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     801937                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4632385                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    31482741                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       165750                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           44252512                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          23025410                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               85784                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              87202                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8380910                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4912915                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3467995                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904803576.609886                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              24104378.390114                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5693464                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1614345      4.80%      4.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 22916205     68.17%     72.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   32373      0.10%     73.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     73.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  13074      0.04%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1630      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5044574     15.01%     88.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3471125     10.33%     98.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                523401      1.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  33616727                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1394181                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13501786                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1394693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.680830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   255.971999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   119.140649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   136.885165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.499945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.232697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.267354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         64418479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        64418479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4048167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1034034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2748996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7831197                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3168136                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       783371                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1326904                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5278411                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114770                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19408                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        58589                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       192767                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       123716                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21423                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        54189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199328                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7216303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1817405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      4075900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13109608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7216303                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1817405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      4075900                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13109608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       729786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        87342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       544507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1361635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       166271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        38690                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       668713                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       873674                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9504                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2145                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7260                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        18909                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           25                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       896057                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       126032                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1213220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2235309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       896057                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       126032                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1213220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2235309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2315387000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8759785000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11075172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2131162500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29470342228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31601504728                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28793000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    133300000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    162093000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       511000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       511000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4446549500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38230127228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42676676728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4446549500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38230127228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42676676728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4777953                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1121376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3293503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9192832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3334407                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       822061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      1995617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152085                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124274                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21553                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        65849                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       211676                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123719                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21423                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        54211                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199353                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8112360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1943437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5289120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15344917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8112360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1943437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5289120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15344917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.077888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.165328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049865                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.335091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.142013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076476                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099522                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110252                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089330                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000024                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000406                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.145671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.229380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.145671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26509.434178                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16087.552593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8133.730405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55083.031791                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44070.239741                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36170.819697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13423.310023                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18360.881543                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8572.267174                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        20440                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35281.115114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31511.289979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19092.070371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35281.115114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31511.289979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19092.070371                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1649152                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2017                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            58664                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.111823                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   183.363636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       836302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           836302                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       286455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       286455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       571181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       571181                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       857636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       857636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       857636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       857636                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        87342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       258052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       345394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38690                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        97532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       136222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2145                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5420                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7565                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       126032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       355584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       481616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       126032                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       355584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       481616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2975                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2228045000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4632792500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6860837500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2092472500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4580895301                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6673367801                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26648000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     69159500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95807500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       489000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       489000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4320517500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9213687801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13534205301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4320517500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9213687801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13534205301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    296833500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    314974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    611807500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    296833500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    314974000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    611807500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.077888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048873                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022142                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.099522                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.082310                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035739                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000406                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064850                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.064850                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25509.434178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17952.941655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19863.800471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54083.031791                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46968.126369                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48988.913692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12423.310023                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12760.055351                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12664.573695                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22227.272727                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34281.115114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25911.424026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28101.652148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34281.115114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25911.424026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28101.652148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 220530.089153                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225626.074499                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223124.544128                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 99775.966387                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 93547.371547                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 96469.173762                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           969392                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.185439                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           43108744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           969903                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.446449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10560905500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   255.222519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    86.294219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   169.668701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.498481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.168543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.331384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         45070514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        45070514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     33100208                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7336693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2671843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       43108744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     33100208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7336693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2671843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        43108744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     33100208                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7336693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2671843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       43108744                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       516519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       347543                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       991673                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       516519                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       347543                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        991673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       516519                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       347543                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       991673                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937933000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5101162473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7039095473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5101162473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7039095473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1937933000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5101162473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7039095473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     33616727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7464304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3019386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     44100417                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     33616727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7464304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3019386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     44100417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     33616727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7464304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3019386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     44100417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15186.253536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14677.787995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7098.202203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15186.253536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14677.787995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7098.202203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15186.253536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14677.787995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7098.202203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8327                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              386                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    21.572539                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       969392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           969392                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       325967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       453578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       325967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       453578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       325967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       453578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1810322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4484314476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6294636476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1810322000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4484314476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6294636476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1810322000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4484314476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6294636476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010285                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010285                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.107958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010285                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14186.253536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13756.958453                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13877.737624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14186.253536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13756.958453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13877.737624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14186.253536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13756.958453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13877.737624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1140904                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1286                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           30                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  118136                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     843894                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      157                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          18                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  48616                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1984798                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1443                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           48                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  166752                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     760414                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      659                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          28                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 761073                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953506414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7462812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7462812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6940057                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 40181                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     208293                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       930314                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6940057                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        40181                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9712470                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5067319                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               20912                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21313                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1991766                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1145591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    846175                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              924284293.570885                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              29222120.429115                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.030647                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.969353                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1204252                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               396048      5.31%      5.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4903561     65.69%     71.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7744      0.10%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3327      0.04%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    440      0.01%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1174639     15.74%     86.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 847384     11.35%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                131160      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7464303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               11115445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         10184701                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           190030                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             8583596                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6500261                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            75.728879                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 358939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14100                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        1769440                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits            184650                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1584790                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted        83567                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3745527                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     14326                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          141                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  264538                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2181134                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3579                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  94734                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5926661                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     17905                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          275                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  359272                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     551804                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2698                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         198                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 554502                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        32148288                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9118770                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      42633402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   11115445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           7043850                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     20872660                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 537018                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                         4                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10698                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        54145                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        92611                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          906                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3019400                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               130811                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          30420027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.401491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.386543                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                20612041     67.76%     67.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  327280      1.08%     68.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  509415      1.67%     70.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 5051332     16.61%     87.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  910040      2.99%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  211501      0.70%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  256047      0.84%     91.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  439619      1.45%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2102752      6.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            30420027                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.345755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.326148                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7385112                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             13918236                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  8048801                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               564027                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                258008                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              221892                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                11066                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              38888307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                34887                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                258008                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7685688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4963925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6082795                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8292905                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2890873                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              37903882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                59292                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                377519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                110958                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1815831                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           25463853                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             47138476                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        47075647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            58641                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             22316309                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 3147544                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            533093                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         73531                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3880120                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3861851                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2321017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           521824                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          313958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  35078134                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             686210                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 34388477                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            25878                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3859283                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1728855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        496373                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30420027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.130455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.630155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18175934     59.75%     59.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2731876      8.98%     68.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1376382      4.52%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5800287     19.07%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1083705      3.56%     95.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             612376      2.01%     97.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             420135      1.38%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             169190      0.56%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              50142      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30420027                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  80804     19.32%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                207140     49.52%     68.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               130362     31.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3134      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27917447     81.18%     81.19% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21186      0.06%     81.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22118      0.06%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1566      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.32% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3912960     11.38%     92.70% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2212878      6.43%     99.14% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            297188      0.86%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              34388477                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.069683                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     418306                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.012164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          99374264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         39499421                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33606798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             266901                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            130860                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       122949                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              34661254                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 142395                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          213891                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       829369                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1314                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6796                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       267816                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4168                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       214093                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                258008                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4262177                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               221870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           37207095                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            66855                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3861851                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2321017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            613182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 13352                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               173159                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6796                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         74128                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       200909                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              275037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             34112414                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3770128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           276063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1442751                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5960966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7830155                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2190838                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.061096                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33803794                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     33729747                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 19634882                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 23447045                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.049193                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.837414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4049200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         189837                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           246514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29720868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.113415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.846179                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18948933     63.76%     63.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2226621      7.49%     71.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1117677      3.76%     75.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5469793     18.40%     93.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       585496      1.97%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       200130      0.67%     96.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       163612      0.55%     96.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       172854      0.58%     97.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       835752      2.81%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29720868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            33091654                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              33091654                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5085683                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3032482                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      66632                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7528249                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    118326                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 31611835                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              236844                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1189725      3.60%      3.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        26406955     79.80%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20610      0.06%     83.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         21680      0.07%     83.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1566      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.53% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3099114      9.37%     92.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2054816      6.21%     99.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       297188      0.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         33091654                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               835752                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    65950880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   74981980                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         163418                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1728261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1747565688                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   31905061                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     31905061                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.007623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.007623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.992434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.992434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                44683951                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               23750131                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73395                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   76222                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5369196                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                267799                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2556000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               65000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             6361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2150000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            80490654                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9084000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            15688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.261471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1694927317000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.261471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9857962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9857962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1957317692                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   1957317692                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1967175654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   1967175654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1967175654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   1967175654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 56982.439306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56982.439306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 47105.258279                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47105.258279                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 47146.211001                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47146.211001                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 47146.211001                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47146.211001                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        15504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        15504                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        15572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        15572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        15572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6457962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6457962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1181451904                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1181451904                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1187909866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187909866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1187909866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1187909866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.393064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.393064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.373123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373123                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.373206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373206                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.373206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.373206                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 94970.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94970.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76203.038184                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76203.038184                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76284.990110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76284.990110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76284.990110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76284.990110                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337717                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65421.749224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4019101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.975951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54773.516183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2590.636201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2882.802644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      510.736952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      556.623198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2023.578800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     2083.855246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.835778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.039530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.008493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.030877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.031797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998257                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          719                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6027                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2903                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38519512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38519512                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       836302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          836302                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       969066                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          969066                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               7                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  11                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                19                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            91578                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            24802                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            70520                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186900                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        508782                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        125321                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        321569                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            955672                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       488344                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        79294                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       251100                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           818738                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              508782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              579922                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              125321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              104096                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              321569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              321620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1961310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             508782                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             579922                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             125321                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             104096                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             321569                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             321620                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1961310                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             9                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            15                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                24                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               6                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74681                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          13887                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          27082                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115650                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7716                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2290                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4300                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14306                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       250946                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        10193                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12282                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273421                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            325627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             24080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39364                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7716                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           325627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2290                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            24080                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39364                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       629500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       629500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        78500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        78500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1773612000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3675510500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5449122500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301291500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    577602000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    878893500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1286211000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1566050500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2852261500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301291500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3059823000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    577602000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5241561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9180277500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301291500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3059823000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    577602000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5241561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9180277500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       836302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       836302                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       969066                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       969066                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       166259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        38689                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        97602                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302550                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       516498                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       127611                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       325869                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        969978                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       739290                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        89487                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       263382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1092159                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          516498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          905549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          127611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          128176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          325869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          360984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2364687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         516498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         905549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         127611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         128176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         325869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         360984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2364687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.750000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.681818                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.685714                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.136364                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.240000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.449185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.358939                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.277474                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382251                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014939                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017945                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014749                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.339442                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113905                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046632                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.359591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.187867                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.109046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.359591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.187867                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.109046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 41966.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26229.166667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13083.333333                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127717.433571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135717.838417                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47117.358409                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131568.340611                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134326.046512                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61435.306864                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126185.715687                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 127507.775607                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10431.757253                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131568.340611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127069.061462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134326.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 133156.208719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22758.554652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131568.340611                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127069.061462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134326.046512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 133156.208719                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22758.554652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75320                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13887                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        27082                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         40969                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2290                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4300                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6590                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10193                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12282                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22475                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24080                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39364                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            70034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24080                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           70034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1971                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2975                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3367                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6342                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1027000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1027000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       207500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       207500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1634742000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3404690500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5039432500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278391500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    534600504                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    812992004                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1184281000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1445046500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2629327500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2819023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    534600504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4849737000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8481752004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2819023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    534600504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4849737000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8481752004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    280001500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    297523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    577524500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    280001500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    297523000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    577524500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.681818                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.136364                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.358939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.277474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.113905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.187867                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.187867                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.109046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68466.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68466.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 69166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69166.666667                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117717.433571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 125717.838417                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123005.992336                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121568.340611                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124325.698605                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123367.527162                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116185.715687                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 117655.634262                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116988.987764                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121568.340611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117069.061462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124325.698605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123202.342242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121109.061370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121568.340611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117069.061462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124325.698605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123202.342242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121109.061370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 208024.888559                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 213125.358166                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210621.626550                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 94118.151261                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 88364.419364                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 91063.465784                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295030                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              193                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              6                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        287900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        26048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177548                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       109578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       109578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1287126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30619392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30664976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33329424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              142                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            840769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  840769    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              840769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11262500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           344258394                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               17000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          375059750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             358538                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4728439                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2363791                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1687                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1128                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1128                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2069439                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       878363                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       969392                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          601395                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            25                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             60                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302550                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302550                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        970097                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1092227                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           14                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        15504                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2909488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4217684                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7127172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124121024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142832784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266953808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          421384                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4223997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.001001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031618                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4219770     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4227      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4223997                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1779844500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            97962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         680727278                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         738329921                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
