
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.140315                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5140314861500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5140314861500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 305956                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   608211                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6473981728                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 946268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   794.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   242927760                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     482917054                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           520064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5497600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            84480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1835520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         3392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           349504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2870720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11189952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       520064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        84480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       349504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          954048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      8999680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           8999680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              8126                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             85900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              1320                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             28680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5461                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             44855                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                174843                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          140620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               140620                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              101174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data             1069506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               16435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              357083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               67993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              558472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2176900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         101174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          16435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          67993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             185601                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1750803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1750803                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1750803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             101174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data            1069506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              16435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             357083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              67993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             558472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3927703                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         80812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        75442                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       80812                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      75442                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5166976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      4992                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4828288                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5171968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4828288                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       78                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                4149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               5529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               5063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                5104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                5020                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5136542953000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   80812                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  75442                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     74967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1308                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     3724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     3756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3926                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4295                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     5060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     5236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      778                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        35991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      277.715651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     165.626258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     306.002665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14739     40.95%     40.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         8609     23.92%     64.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3739     10.39%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1992      5.53%     80.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1395      3.88%     84.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          963      2.68%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          662      1.84%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          569      1.58%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3323      9.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          35991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          3467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.286415                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      249.714027                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            3465     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      0.03%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            3467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          3467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        21.760023                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.110727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       15.816281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                15      0.43%      0.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 5      0.14%      0.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                2      0.06%      0.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               8      0.23%      0.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            2898     83.59%     84.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              92      2.65%     87.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              31      0.89%     88.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              31      0.89%     88.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              12      0.35%     89.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               9      0.26%     89.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              66      1.90%     91.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               1      0.03%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              98      2.83%     94.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               6      0.17%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               3      0.09%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63              10      0.29%     94.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              79      2.28%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.03%     97.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.03%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              16      0.46%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              63      1.82%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.03%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.03%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             1      0.03%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             1      0.03%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             9      0.26%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.03%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.03%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             2      0.06%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             2      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             1      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            3467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      959600537                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2473363037                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    403670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11885.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30635.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.01                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.01                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         2.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      63933                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     56252                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  74.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     32873033.35                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  136329480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   74217000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 310923600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                246505680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250343745600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            95969299725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2238262188750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2585343209835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.919112                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3685961618484                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    127987600000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     19335436766                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  135762480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   73895250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 318801600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                242358480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250343745600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            95643572940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2233792245000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2580550381350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.048855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3686442435237                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    127987600000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     18834570263                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1094391152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   74122895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    150851838                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            138677128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1057792                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14577160                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   138677128                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          255069053                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         118998749                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            85946991                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           57322770                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     14647041                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10728215                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3918826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1038841182.346683                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              55549969.653317                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.050759                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.949241                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         16022842                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                99424      0.07%      0.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                135987078     90.15%     90.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   67182      0.04%     90.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    53535      0.04%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10726354      7.11%     97.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3918826      2.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 150852399                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1650433                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           20513006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1650945                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            12.425009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   375.993952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   118.546121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    17.459365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.734363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.231535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.034100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          268                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         91826885                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        91826885                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5461220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2267893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4648498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       12377611                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3770628                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1595824                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2705065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8071517                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        23383                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data        10395                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        28426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        62204                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      9231848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3863717                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7353563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        20449128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      9255231                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3874112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7381989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       20511332                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       389922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       165729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       747444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1303095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       142600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        62561                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       117557                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       322718                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       161787                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        68211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       176838                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406836                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       532522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       228290                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       865001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1625813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       694309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       296501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1041839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2032649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2394641000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12467623500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14862264500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3804839500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5678837917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9483677417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6199480500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18146461417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24345941917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6199480500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18146461417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24345941917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5851142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2433622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      5395942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13680706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3913228                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1658385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2822622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8394235                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       185170                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        78606                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       205264                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       469040                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9764370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4092007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      8218564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22074941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9949540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4170613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8423828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22543981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.066640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.138520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.095251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036441                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.041648                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038445                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.873721                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.867758                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.861515                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.867380                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.105250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.073650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.071093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.123678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.090164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14449.136844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16680.344614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11405.357629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 60818.073560                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 48307.101381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29386.887056                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27156.163213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20978.543859                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14974.626182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20908.801319                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17417.721372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11977.445155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       181022                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            19401                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.330550                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          183                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1556926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1556926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           57                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       343172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       343229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1684                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        31593                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        33277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       374765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       376506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       374765                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       376506                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       165672                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       569944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        60877                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        85964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       146841                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        68211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       173456                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       241667                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       226549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       490236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       716785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       294760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       663692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       958452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       175893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       193266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       369159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       178218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       196448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       374666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2228026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5917391000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8145417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3569732500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4893697918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8463430418                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1135489000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2736217500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3871706500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5797758500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10811088918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16608847418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6933247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13547306418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20480553918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30576787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  32909630500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63486417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30576787000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  32909630500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63486417500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.074921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036709                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.030455                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.867758                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.845039                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.515238                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.055364                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.059650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.070675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.078787                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13448.416148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14637.152709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14291.609351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58638.443090                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 56927.294193                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57636.698320                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16646.713873                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15774.706554                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16020.832385                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25591.631391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22052.825411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23171.309972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23521.670172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20412.038141                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21368.366823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 173837.429574                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 170281.531671                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171975.808527                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 171569.577708                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 167523.367507                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 169448.035050                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           963636                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.754232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          132561753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           964148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           137.491083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     151167437500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   262.116311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   168.300962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    80.336959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.511946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.328713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.156908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        134549782                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       134549782                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     90303412                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     38158681                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      4099660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      132561753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     90303412                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     38158681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      4099660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       132561753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     90303412                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     38158681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      4099660                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      132561753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       363508                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       504289                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total      1023861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       363508                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       504289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total       1023861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       363508                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       504289                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total      1023861                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2188883500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   7049558483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9238441983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2188883500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   7049558483                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   9238441983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2188883500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   7049558483                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   9238441983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     90666920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     38314745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      4603949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    133585614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     90666920                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     38314745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      4603949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    133585614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     90666920                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     38314745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      4603949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    133585614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.109534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.109534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007664                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.004009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.109534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007664                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14025.550415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13979.203360                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9023.140820                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14025.550415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13979.203360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9023.140820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14025.550415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13979.203360                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9023.140820                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              445                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    18.685393                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       963636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           963636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        59693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        59693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        59693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        59693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59693                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       444596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       600660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       444596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       600660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       444596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       600660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2032819500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6039299984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8072119484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2032819500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6039299984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8072119484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2032819500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6039299984                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8072119484                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.096568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13025.550415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.792891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13438.749848                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13025.550415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.792891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13438.749848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13025.550415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13583.792891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13438.749848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2608018193                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   34908148                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     67674268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             62730034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     443264                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6458850                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    62730034                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          115909409                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          54110121                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            35540821                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           26573137                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4349098                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2688265                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1660833                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2478843361.099947                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              129174831.900053                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.049530                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.950470                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7053791                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                19486      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 63254522     93.47%     93.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   28142      0.04%     93.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    23340      0.03%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2688234      3.97%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1660833      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  67674557                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               31525113                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         31525113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           914299                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            30286127                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 909220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect            192056                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups       30286127                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits          24878264                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         5407863                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted       624695                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       158988186                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          11233712                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     154626280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   31525113                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          25787484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    144779980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                1869040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                    156982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               17620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles            10414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       116139                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          930                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  4603960                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               388777                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   3488                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         157249670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.926249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.092305                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                99582992     63.33%     63.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  964125      0.61%     63.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23469226     14.92%     78.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  593390      0.38%     79.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  847641      0.54%     79.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  856615      0.54%     80.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  597782      0.38%     80.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  744225      0.47%     81.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                29593674     18.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           157249670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.198286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.972565                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                10427860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             93427042                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 27103012                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4279379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                935172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             295647983                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                935172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                12376342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               77584212                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       4407531                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 29150273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             11718994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             291618982                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               179072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5037051                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 41813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               5015695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          346213395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            638570663                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       392106863                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              174                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            316477400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                29735995                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            200602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        204223                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 19899289                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             7937355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            4436501                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           473319                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          392747                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 284970653                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             434962                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                278681427                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued           430528                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       21014667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     31387480                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        100533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    157249670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.772223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.401212                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           94617673     60.17%     60.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5061925      3.22%     63.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3636668      2.31%     65.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3244908      2.06%     67.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23176493     14.74%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2489677      1.58%     84.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           24037063     15.29%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             647397      0.41%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             337866      0.21%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      157249670                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1411870     83.47%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     83.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                217423     12.85%     96.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                62231      3.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           115362      0.04%      0.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            267146597     95.86%     95.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               53270      0.02%     95.92% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                46547      0.02%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                 45      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     95.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             7662410      2.75%     98.69% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3657196      1.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             278681427                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.752844                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1691524                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006070                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         716734322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        306424660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    275127315                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                254                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               266                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           90                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             280257468                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    121                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          646730                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2931016                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14365                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5986                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1611688                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       711699                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        22857                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                935172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               70777745                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3837930                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          285405615                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            65161                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              7937355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             4436501                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            268097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                149220                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3382117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5986                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        291238                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       909786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts             1201024                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            276567393                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              7166969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          1944228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    10526010                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27939467                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3359041                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.739547                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     276091917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    275127405                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                214085717                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                350028244                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.730490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.611624                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts       20995894                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         334429                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           920745                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    153916196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.717759                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.626761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     97481519     63.33%     63.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4123104      2.68%     66.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1212307      0.79%     66.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24190287     15.72%     82.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1026189      0.67%     83.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       685449      0.45%     83.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       433933      0.28%     83.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22970494     14.92%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1792914      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    153916196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           133896717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             264390948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       7831152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5006339                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     148306                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  26996003                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                241389293                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              403260                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        53378      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       256414257     96.98%     97.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          47916      0.02%     97.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           44914      0.02%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5005654      1.89%     98.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2824813      1.07%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        264390948                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              1792914                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   437472336                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  574170009                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         144166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1738516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4904586400                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  133896717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    264390948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.187394                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.187394                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.842180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.842180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               366421934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              220787905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73116                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   73024                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                138717483                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               106912566                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               90334480                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                137702                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3545370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3545370                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57732                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1681                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7066646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         2308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7110960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7209566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3533323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2252                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13949                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         4477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3561640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6596124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2248264                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                33000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              4543500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               934000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                26000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                14500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy            199976500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               364000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              124000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy             9295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy                6000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           136645287                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1156000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           281326000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            29430000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              922000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47567                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.087469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5004689010009                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.087469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.005467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.005467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428598                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             47622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47622                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            47622                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126421308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126421308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3306334979                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   3306334979                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3432756287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   3432756287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3432756287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   3432756287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           47622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        47622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          47622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 140156.660754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 140156.660754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 70769.156229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70769.156229                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72083.412855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72083.412855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 72083.412855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72083.412855                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           266                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        26320                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        26320                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        27059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        27059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        27059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     89471308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89471308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1989257405                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1989257405                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2078728713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078728713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2078728713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2078728713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.819290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.819290                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.563356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.563356                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.568204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.568204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.568204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 121070.782138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121070.782138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 75579.688640                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75579.688640                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76822.081858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76822.081858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 76822.081858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76822.081858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   102044                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64688.139772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4947315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   166296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    29.750054                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50751.500379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.134888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1938.182385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5577.575685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      363.614942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1703.759135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker    24.817109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      802.838382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3525.716867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.774406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.029574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.085107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.005548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.025997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.012250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.053798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.987063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7602                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53531                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980408                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 43883599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                43883599                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11744                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker       142732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        18004                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 198115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1556926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1556926                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       962606                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          962606                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             145                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              47                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              88                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 280                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            71404                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            36289                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            53236                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               160929                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        355369                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        154744                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        439091                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            949204                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       535670                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       229279                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       564722                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1329671                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         20977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         11746                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              355369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              607074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker          3358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          1300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              154744                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              265568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        142732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         18004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              439091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              617958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2637921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        20977                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        11746                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             355369                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             607074                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         3358                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         1300                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             154744                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             265568                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker       142732                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        18004                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             439091                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             617958                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2637921                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                   58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           712                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           228                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           393                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1333                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          70339                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          24315                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          32300                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             126954                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         8126                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1320                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         5463                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14909                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        16039                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         4604                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12954                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          33597                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              8126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             86378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             28919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             45254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                175518                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             8126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            86378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             1320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            28919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            45254                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               175518                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        7207500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10137000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     14515000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     24652000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3078605000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4170166500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   7248771500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172061500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    736013000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    908074500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    603745500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1745744000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2349489500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172061500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3682350500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7207500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    736013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5915910500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     10513543000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    172061500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3682350500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      7207500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    736013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5915910500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    10513543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       142785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        18004                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             198173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1556926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1556926                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       962606                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       962606                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          857                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          275                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          481                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1613                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       141743                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        60604                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        85536                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           287883                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       363495                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       156064                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       444554                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        964113                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       551709                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       233883                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       577676                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1363268                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          363495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          693452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          156064                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          294487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       142785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        18004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          444554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          663212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2813439                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        20977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        11751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         363495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         693452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker         3358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         1300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         156064                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         294487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker       142785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        18004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         444554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         663212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2813439                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000426                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.830805                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.829091                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.817048                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.826410                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.496243                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.401211                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.377619                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.440992                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008458                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012289                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.015464                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.029071                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019685                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022424                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024644                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.124562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.008458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.098201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.012289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.068235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.062386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.124562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.008458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.098201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.068235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.062386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 135990.566038                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124267.241379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44460.526316                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 36933.842239                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18493.623406                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126613.407362                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 129107.321981                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57097.621973                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130349.621212                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134726.889987                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60907.807365                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131134.991312                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 134764.860275                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69931.526624                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130349.621212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127333.258411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 135990.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134726.889987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 130726.797631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.084322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130349.621212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127333.258411                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 135990.566038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 134726.889987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 130726.797631                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.084322                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               93953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    93953                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              53                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          228                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          393                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          621                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24315                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        32300                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         56615                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1320                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5461                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6781                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4604                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12954                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        17558                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        28919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           53                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        45254                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81007                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       175893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       193266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       369159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       178218                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       196448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       374666                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     15499000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     26740500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42239500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2835455000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3847166500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6682621500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158861500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    681285005                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    840146505                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    557705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1640870507                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2198576007                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158861500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3393160500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6677500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    681285005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5488037007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9728021512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    158861500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3393160500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      6677500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    681285005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5488037007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9728021512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28378124000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30493776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58871900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28378124000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30493776000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  58871900000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.829091                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.817048                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384997                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.401211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.377619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.196660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012284                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.019685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022424                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.028793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.008458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 125990.566038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125990.566038                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 67978.070175                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 68041.984733                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68018.518519                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116613.407362                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 119107.321981                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118036.235980                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120349.621212                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124754.624611                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123897.139802                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121134.991312                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 126669.021692                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 125217.906766                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120349.621212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117333.258411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 125990.566038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124754.624611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121271.865625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120088.652981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120349.621212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117333.258411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 125990.566038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 124754.624611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 121271.865625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120088.652981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 161337.426731                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 157781.379032                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159475.727261                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 159232.647656                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 155225.688223                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157131.685288                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5063720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5112994                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       140620                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8953                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1610                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             846                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            126677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           126677                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         49464                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        20400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7110960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3044366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       454255                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10609961                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       116195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       116195                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10729518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6724                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3561640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6088729                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17196864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     26847233                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3025472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3025472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29879429                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              601                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5453391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.000308                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.017554                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5451710     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1681      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5453391                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           216495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           286493500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2249736                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           499824904                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy              233000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1327736                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1171418252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy            3779540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           32                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5271274                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2656110                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1659                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1097                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1097                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5290849                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7618295                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13945                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13945                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1632371                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       963636                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           98691                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1613                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           287883                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          287883                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        964168                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1364007                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq             922                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          190                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        26320                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2891930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     15111487                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        71145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       360729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              18435291                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    123376768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    214967937                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       268760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side      1369184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              339982649                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          221710                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          9176706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.068396                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                9133575     99.53%     99.53% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  43131      0.47%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            9176706                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3345415999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           351896                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         901439087                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1808797701                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          23276465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         164740668                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
