
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.982593                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1982592736000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1982592736000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1178528                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  1178528                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            38301918928                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 332884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    51.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    61003209                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61003209                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           800192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24686016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            59328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           523328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26069824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       800192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        59328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          859520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7739392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7739392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12503                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            385719                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8177                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                407341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120928                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              403609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12451380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               29924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              263961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13149359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         403609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          29924                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             433533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3903672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3903672                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3903672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             403609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12451380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              29924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             263961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17053031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        407341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120928                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      407341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120928                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26061824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      8000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7737600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26069824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7739392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      125                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25733                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           9                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1982585344500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  407341                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120928                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        67                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1897                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     6003                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5968                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6500                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     6606                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8947                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7997                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     6045                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      200                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        67562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      500.272698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     302.933598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     404.928891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16219     24.01%     24.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12429     18.40%     42.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5206      7.71%     50.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3267      4.84%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2499      3.70%     58.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4251      6.29%     64.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1505      2.23%     67.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2122      3.14%     70.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20064     29.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          67562                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.393816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2870.561720                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5398     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5401                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.384744                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.196926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       20.269218                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4796     88.80%     88.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              29      0.54%     89.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39              16      0.30%     89.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              48      0.89%     90.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55             211      3.91%     94.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              14      0.26%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              16      0.30%     94.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79              27      0.50%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87             197      3.65%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95               3      0.06%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103              2      0.04%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             4      0.07%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             6      0.11%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-143             3      0.06%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-151             1      0.02%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             3      0.06%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175             4      0.07%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             5      0.09%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.04%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-215             9      0.17%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-223             1      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             1      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             3      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2785960750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10421260750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2036080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6841.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25591.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363789                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96765                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3752984.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  243704160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  132973500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1577924400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                382378320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           129493107120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            72905362650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1125601770750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1330337220900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              671.009839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1872255893500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     66203020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     44130839000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  267064560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  145719750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1598360400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                401053680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           129493107120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            73884851505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1124742561750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1330532718765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              671.108451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1870830292750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     66203020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     45556426000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7416468                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7442                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5004426                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      812                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187451                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12420894                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8254                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678123                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3482357                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3486228                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3964851876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6803                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    162795                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   55926     40.12%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    133      0.10%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1977      1.42%     41.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    435      0.31%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  80935     58.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              139406                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    55417     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     133      0.12%     49.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1977      1.75%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     435      0.39%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   54983     48.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               112945                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1904797058500     96.08%     96.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               94101500      0.00%     96.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              790644500      0.04%     96.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              326474000      0.02%     96.15% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            76417629500      3.85%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982425908000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990899                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.679348                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810188                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  524      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3024      2.05%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               132536     89.80%     92.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6593      4.47%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4325      2.93%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                147596                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6863                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1283                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186944                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.315001                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1977682468000     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3900182500      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3025                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47316464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47316464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             43886764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                206939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1185664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5565449                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    43886764                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       206939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60334858                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32718698                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100516                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             102286                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12460790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7443408                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5017382                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3699967048.966084                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              264884827.033916                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.066808                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.933192                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7133745                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2703031      5.71%      5.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31175440     65.88%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   51698      0.11%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  25566      0.05%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7616501     16.09%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5023484     10.61%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                727686      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47325062                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1172723                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.333527                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11236927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1173142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.578488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        144706500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.333527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         50908342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        50908342                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6342787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6342787                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4601077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4601077                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       138129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138129                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       145434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145434                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10943864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10943864                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10943864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10943864                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       934179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       934179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       249076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249076                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1183255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1183255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1183255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1183255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42885164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42885164500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16793601000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16793601000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151515500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    151515500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     94785500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     94785500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59678765500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59678765500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59678765500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59678765500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7276966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7276966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4850153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4850153                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       151707                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       151173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12127119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12127119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12127119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12127119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051354                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051354                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089501                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089501                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037963                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037963                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45906.795700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45906.795700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67423.601632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67423.601632                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11158.896745                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11158.896745                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16516.030667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16516.030667                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50436.098305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50436.098305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50436.098305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50436.098305                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       672790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           672790                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       934179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       934179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249076                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1183255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1183255                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17866                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17866                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41950985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41950985500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16544525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16544525000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137937500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137937500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     89046500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89046500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58495510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58495510500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58495510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58495510500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1566902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1566902000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566902000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051354                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051354                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089501                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089501                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037963                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037963                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44906.795700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44906.795700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66423.601632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66423.601632                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10158.896745                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10158.896745                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15516.030667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15516.030667                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49436.098305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49436.098305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49436.098305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49436.098305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 221220.104476                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221220.104476                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 87703.011306                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87703.011306                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           686545                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.490868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           46637883                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           687057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.880661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      58998281500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   506.490868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48012241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48012241                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     46637883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       46637883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     46637883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        46637883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     46637883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       46637883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       687179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        687179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       687179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10623000500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10623000500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10623000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10623000500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10623000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10623000500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47325062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47325062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47325062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47325062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47325062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47325062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15458.854971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.854971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15458.854971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.854971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15458.854971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15458.854971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       686545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           686545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       687179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       687179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       687179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9935821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9935821500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9935821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9935821500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9935821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9935821500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14458.854971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14458.854971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14458.854971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14458.854971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14458.854971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14458.854971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2511191                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2993                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239364                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1830032                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105248                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4341223                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3335                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344612                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1990291                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1991507                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3965185472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2869                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     81049                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   27547     38.53%     38.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1971      2.76%     41.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    524      0.73%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41462     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               71504                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    26679     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1971      3.56%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     524      0.95%     52.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   26155     47.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                55329                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1912239584500     96.45%     96.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              731206500      0.04%     96.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              374509500      0.02%     96.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            69246698500      3.49%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982591999000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968490                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630819                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.773789                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  435      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2066      2.79%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                65182     88.12%     91.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2261      3.06%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3826      5.17%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.18%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 73972                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2115                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                912                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  448                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.431206                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.153372                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.331636                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       19469811000      0.98%      0.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1729387000      0.09%      1.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1961392799000     98.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2067                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13686745                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13686745                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12624358                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                178612                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     430170                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1359717                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12624358                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       178612                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17383561                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9260404                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               93246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              95234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4365379                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2525846                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1839533                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3912234287.998026                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              52951184.001973                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013354                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986646                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1950147                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               733822      5.36%      5.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8101444     59.18%     64.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   23186      0.17%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  14372      0.10%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.01%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2600523     19.00%     83.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1840557     13.44%     97.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                374219      2.73%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13690109                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           173692                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.984896                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4164965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           174204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.908550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      90321767000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   481.984896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.941377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.941377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17608650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17608650                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2339562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2339562                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1707213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1707213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        50427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50427                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        53080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        53080                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4046775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4046775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4046775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4046775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       123491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        65586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9255                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9255                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6109                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6109                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       189077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        189077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       189077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       189077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1555586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1555586500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1871475500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1871475500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     84845000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     84845000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     96965500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     96965500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3427062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3427062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3427062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3427062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2463053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2463053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1772799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1772799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59682                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4235852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4235852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4235852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4235852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036996                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155072                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103212                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103212                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044637                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044637                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12596.760088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12596.760088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28534.679657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28534.679657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9167.477039                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9167.477039                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15872.565068                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15872.565068                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18125.218826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18125.218826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18125.218826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18125.218826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       119726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           119726                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       123491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9255                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6109                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6109                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       189077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       189077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1432095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1432095500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1805889500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1805889500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     75590000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75590000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     90856500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90856500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3237985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3237985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3237985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3237985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     25051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     25051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     25051000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     25051000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036996                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155072                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155072                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103212                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103212                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11596.760088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11596.760088                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27534.679657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27534.679657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8167.477039                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8167.477039                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14872.565068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14872.565068                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17125.218826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17125.218826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17125.218826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17125.218826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 212296.610169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212296.610169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  7227.639931                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  7227.639931                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           331529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          442.932822                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           13358029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           332041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.230059                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1975288394500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   442.932822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.865103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14022191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        14022191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     13358029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13358029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     13358029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        13358029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     13358029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       13358029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       332081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        332081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       332081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4540351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4540351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4540351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4540351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4540351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4540351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13690110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13690110                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13690110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13690110                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13690110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13690110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13672.420283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13672.420283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13672.420283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13672.420283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13672.420283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13672.420283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       331529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           331529                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       332081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       332081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       332081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       332081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4208270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4208270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4208270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4208270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4208270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4208270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024257                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12672.420283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12672.420283                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12672.420283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12672.420283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12672.420283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12672.420283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55683                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55683                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          171                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9075                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2744078                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             15116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              183000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6055500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           215674412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.566860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1775103309000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.566860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375543                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41727                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21956883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21956883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5245146529                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5245146529                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5267103412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   5267103412                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5267103412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   5267103412                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125467.902857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125467.902857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126230.904144                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126230.904144                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126227.704172                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126227.704172                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126227.704172                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126227.704172                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13206883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3165739741                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3165739741                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3178946624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178946624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3178946624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3178946624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75467.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75467.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76187.421568                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76187.421568                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76184.403959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.403959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76184.403959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76184.403959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342136                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65163.366749                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3685387                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.051847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle              12928623000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54851.977847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4799.733629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5353.675533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      118.645951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       39.333789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.836975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.073238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.081691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.001810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.994314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          517                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6298                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991913                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35906899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35906899                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       792516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          792516                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       746948                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          746948                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             183                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             548                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 731                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            41                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                65                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           124124                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            48553                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172677                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        674650                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        331142                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1005792                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       659425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       113738                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           773163                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              674650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              783549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              331142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              162291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1951632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             674650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             783549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             331142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             162291                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1951632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2972                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1812                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4784                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          930                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1856                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         114970                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7877                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122847                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12503                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          938                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13441                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271537                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271875                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            386507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12503                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           386507                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8215                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3623500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     35439500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     39063000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3369500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       943000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4312500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14618383500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1037446500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15655830000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1639795500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123119500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1762915000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33668278500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     42563000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33710841500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1639795500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48286662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123119500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1080009500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     51129586500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1639795500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48286662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    123119500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1080009500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    51129586500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       792516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792516                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       746948                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       746948                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3155                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2360                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5515                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          967                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          954                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1921                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239094                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295524                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       687153                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       332080                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1019233                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       930962                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       114076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1045038                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          687153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1170056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          332080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          170506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         687153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1170056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         332080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         170506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941997                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.767797                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.867452                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.957601                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974843                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.966163                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139589                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.415692                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018195                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013187                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291674                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002963                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260158                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.330332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.048180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.330332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.048180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1219.212651                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19558.222958                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8165.342809                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3638.768898                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1013.978495                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2323.545259                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127149.547708                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131705.789006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127441.695768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131152.163481                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131257.462687                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131159.511941                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123991.494713                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 125926.035503                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123993.899770                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131152.163481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124930.886116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131257.462687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131467.985393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125267.568349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131152.163481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124930.886116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131257.462687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131467.985393                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125267.568349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79408                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2972                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1812                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4784                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          930                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1856                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114970                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7877                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122847                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12503                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          927                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13430                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271537                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271875                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14131                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17866                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    204338000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    124770000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329108000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     63412000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     64097500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    127509500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13468683500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    958676001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14427359501                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514765500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112494001                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1627259501                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30952908500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     39183000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30992091500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514765500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44421592000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112494001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    997859001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47046710502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514765500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44421592000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112494001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    997859001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47046710502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1478327000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1501902500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1478327000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23575500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1501902500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941997                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.767797                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867452                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.957601                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974843                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.966163                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018195                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018195                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.172961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018195                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68754.374159                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68857.615894                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68793.478261                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 68479.481641                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 68922.043011                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68701.239224                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117149.547708                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121705.725657                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117441.691706                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121152.163481                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121352.751888                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121166.009010                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113991.494713                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 115926.035503                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113993.899770                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121152.163481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114930.886116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121352.751888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121467.924650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115267.622116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121152.163481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114930.886116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121352.751888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121467.924650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115267.622116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 208714.810109                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 199792.372881                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208568.601583                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 82745.270346                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  6801.933064                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 70406.080068                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292681                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       120928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262098                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16893                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11783                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            123156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122284                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285480                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1185794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1228458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83437                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1311895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82454                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31150976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31233430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33891670                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            22771                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            883231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  883231    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              883231                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40519500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1327558723                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2178214500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             898617                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4790762                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2395545                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       361654                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1242                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1182                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7201                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2107124                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14131                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       913453                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1018074                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          816802                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17061                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11848                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28909                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297601                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297601                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1019260                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1080678                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2060877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3585353                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       995690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       558897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7200817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     87916672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    118008584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     42470976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     18601102                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266997334                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          484769                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2873172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.136988                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.344078                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                2479819     86.31%     86.31% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 393117     13.68%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    234      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2873172                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4223704496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           297883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1031139756                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1802215285                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         499214310                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         293827886                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
