
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000264                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   263565500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  263565500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 821706                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   821692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              326627282                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 262816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      663039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        663039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst            18240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data            10560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst              640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data              960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst             3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data             1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.inst              320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3.data             1024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        18240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst          640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst          320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           22656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst               285                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data               165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst                10                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data                15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst                54                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data                22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.inst                 5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3.data                16                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst            69204809                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            40065942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst             2428239                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             3642358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst            13112490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             5342126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.inst             1214119                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3.data             3885182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               138895265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       69204809                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst        2428239                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       13112490                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst        1214119                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           85959657                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst           69204809                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           40065942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst            2428239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            3642358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst           13112490                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            5342126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.inst            1214119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3.data            3885182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              138895265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          527131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     158196                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                       158196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses               108956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        390                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts        25969                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                      108956                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads             315026                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes            110562                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                        73832                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                      48881                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                     24951                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              527130.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                            26834                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                23561     14.89%     14.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    60781     38.41%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     53.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                   48965     30.94%     84.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                  24951     15.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                    158258                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements                2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          145.050771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs              73302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs           438.934132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   145.050771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.283302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.283302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.322266                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           295559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses          295559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data        48703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          48703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data        24717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         24717                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu0.data           16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data        73420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total           73420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data        73420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total          73420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total           351                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total          351                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4817500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6985500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6985500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       395000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       395000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     11803000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     11803000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data        48871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        48871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data        24900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        24900                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu0.data           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data        73771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total        73771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        73771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total        73771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007349                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007349                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28675.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28675.595238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 38172.131148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38172.131148                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15192.307692                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15192.307692                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33626.780627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33626.780627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33626.780627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33626.780627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          183                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4649500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4649500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      6802500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6802500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       369000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       369000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     11452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.007349                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007349                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27675.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27675.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 37172.131148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37172.131148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14192.307692                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14192.307692                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32626.780627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32626.780627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32626.780627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32626.780627                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              215                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          211.380247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs             157792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs              467                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           337.884368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   211.380247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.412852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.412852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.492188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses           158726                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses          158726                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst       157792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         157792                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst       157792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total          157792                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst       157792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total         157792                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total           467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total          467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20140500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20140500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     20140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20140500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       158259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       158259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst       158259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total       158259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst       158259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total       158259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43127.408994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43127.408994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43127.408994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 43127.408994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 43127.408994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 43127.408994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              215                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19673500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19673500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19673500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     19673500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     19673500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     19673500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002951                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42127.408994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42127.408994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42127.408994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42127.408994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 42127.408994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42127.408994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.numCycles                          527130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     170790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                       170790                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses               110708                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts        34050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                      110708                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads             268858                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes            101318                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                        52827                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                      41019                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                     11808                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              73818.861681                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              453311.138319                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.859961                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.140039                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                            35703                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                26483     15.50%     15.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                    74610     43.68%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                   57921     33.91%     93.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                  11808      6.91%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                    170822                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           26.474097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs              25884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs           892.551724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    26.474097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.051707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.051707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           211529                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses          211529                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data        40844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data        11631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11631                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu1.data           14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data        52475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total           52475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data        52475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total          52475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total           272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total          272                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1891500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1642500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1642500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       250000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       250000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3534000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3534000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data        41011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data        11736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu1.data           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           70                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data        52747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data        52747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11326.347305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11326.347305                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15642.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15642.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4464.285714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4464.285714                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12992.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12992.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12992.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12992.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1724500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      1537500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1537500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       194000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3262000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      3262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3262000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.004072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008947                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.800000                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.005157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 10326.347305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10326.347305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14642.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14642.857143                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  3464.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3464.285714                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11992.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11992.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11992.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse           66.953040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs             170457                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs           465.729508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    66.953040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.130768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.130768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses           171189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses          171189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst       170457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         170457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst       170457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total          170457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst       170457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total         170457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5688500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5688500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5688500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5688500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       170823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst       170823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total       170823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst       170823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total       170823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15542.349727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15542.349727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15542.349727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15542.349727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15542.349727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15542.349727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5322500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5322500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst      5322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5322500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002143                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14542.349727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14542.349727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14542.349727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14542.349727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14542.349727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14542.349727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.numCycles                          527130                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     168244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                       168244                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses               109603                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts        33329                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                      109603                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads             267321                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes            101101                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                        52443                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                      40463                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                     11980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles              74087.861169                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles              453042.138831                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                0.859450                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                    0.140550                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.Branches                            34984                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                25761     15.31%     15.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                    74059     44.01%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                   56476     33.56%     92.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                  11980      7.12%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                    168276                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           27.444081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs              26343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs           878.100000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    27.444081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.053602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.053602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.058594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           209996                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses          209996                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data        40285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          40285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data        11801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         11801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             15                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data        52086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total           52086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data        52086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total          52086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total           274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data          274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total          274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2220000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1703000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       260000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       260000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data        40455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        40455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data        11905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        11905                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu2.data           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data        52360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total        52360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data        52360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total        52360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004202                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008736                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794521                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.794521                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13058.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13058.823529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        16375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        16375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data  4482.758621                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4482.758621                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14317.518248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14317.518248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14317.518248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14317.518248                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      2050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2050000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1599000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       202000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       202000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3649000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      3649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3649000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.004202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004202                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.008736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008736                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.794521                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12058.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12058.823529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        15375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        15375                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  3482.758621                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3482.758621                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13317.518248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13317.518248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13317.518248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13317.518248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse           69.363893                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs             167911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs              366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs           458.773224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    69.363893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.135476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.135476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses           168643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses          168643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst       167911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         167911                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst       167911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total          167911                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst       167911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total         167911                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total           366                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total          366                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8088500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8088500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8088500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      8088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8088500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       168277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       168277                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst       168277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total       168277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst       168277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total       168277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22099.726776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22099.726776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22099.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22099.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 22099.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22099.726776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              280                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          366                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7722500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7722500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7722500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      7722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7722500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21099.726776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21099.726776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21099.726776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21099.726776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 21099.726776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21099.726776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.numCycles                          527131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     165809                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                       165809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses               112442                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                        637                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts        30690                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                      112442                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads             289238                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes            110642                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                        57921                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                      41890                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                     16031                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles              74358.001718                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles              452772.998282                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                0.858938                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                    0.141062                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.Branches                            32344                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                23127     13.95%     13.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                    75479     45.51%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     59.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                   51204     30.88%     90.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                  16031      9.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                    165841                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           25.704074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs              34341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               29                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs          1184.172414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data    25.704074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.050203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.050203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.056641                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           231895                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses          231895                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data        41733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          41733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data        15853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         15853                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu3.data           11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total             11                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data        57586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total           57586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data        57586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total          57586                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::cpu3.data           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total           259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total          259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1542500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1542500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1810500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1810500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       250500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency::total       250500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      3353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      3353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data        41883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        41883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data        15962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        15962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu3.data           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total           67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data        57845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total        57845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data        57845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total        57845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003581                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006829                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.835821                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate::total     0.835821                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 10283.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10283.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16610.091743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16610.091743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data  4473.214286                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency::total  4473.214286                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 12945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12945.945946                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses::total           56                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1392500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1392500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      1701500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1701500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       194500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3094000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data      3094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3094000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006829                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.835821                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.835821                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.004477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  9283.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9283.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15610.091743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15610.091743                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  3473.214286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3473.214286                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11945.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 11945.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11945.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              281                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse           64.942208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs             165475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs              367                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs           450.885559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    64.942208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.126840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.126840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses           166209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses          166209                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst       165475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         165475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst       165475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total          165475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst       165475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total         165475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total           367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total          367                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5473500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5473500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5473500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5473500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5473500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5473500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst       165842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst       165842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total       165842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst       165842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total       165842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14914.168937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14914.168937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14914.168937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14914.168937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 14914.168937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14914.168937                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              281                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5106500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5106500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst      5106500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5106500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002213                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13914.168937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13914.168937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13914.168937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13914.168937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 13914.168937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13914.168937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.replacements                        0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  347.185045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                       1714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                      429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     3.995338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks       0.881447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      230.714883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data       54.006864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst        6.227742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data        0.835119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       46.668024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data        6.066881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst        0.961095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data        0.822991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.003520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.000824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.000095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.000712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst       0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data       0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.005298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          429                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          374                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.006546                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                    19669                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                   19669                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total               1                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          495                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total             495                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           352                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           301                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           357                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total              1192                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data            3                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               26                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                 182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                 352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                 301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data                   3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                 357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3.data                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    1218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data                  5                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                301                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data                  3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3.data                  9                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   1218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            28                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3.data            20                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                76                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data             99                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data             15                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data             14                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                142                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst           14                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst           65                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             374                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             78                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               285                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data               165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst                14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst                65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data                23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.inst                10                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3.data                16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              285                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data              165                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst               14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst               65                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data               23                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.inst               10                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3.data               16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  594                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5892000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       837500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       905000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       836000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8470500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16965000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       831500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3806500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       555500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     22158500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3927500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       118000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       475500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data       119000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      4640000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16965000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       831500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data       955500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3806500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1380500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       555500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data       955000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total        35269000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     16965000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data      9819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       831500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data       955500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      3806500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1380500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       555500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data       955000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total       35269000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total            1                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          495                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total          495                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           30                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst          467                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst          366                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst          367                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          1566                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data           71                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             467                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data             170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data              26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3.data              25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                1812                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            467                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data            170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data             26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3.data             25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               1812                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.974359                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.038251                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.177596                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.027248                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.238825                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.750000                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.610278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.038251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.177596                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.884615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.027248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.640000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.327815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.610278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.038251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.177596                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.884615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst      0.027248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data      0.640000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.327815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59515.151515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59821.428571                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60333.333333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 59714.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59651.408451                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59526.315789                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59392.857143                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58561.538462                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55550                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59247.326203                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59507.575758                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        59000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 59437.500000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data        59500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59487.179487                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59526.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59512.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59392.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59718.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58561.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 59687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59375.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 59526.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 59512.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 59392.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59718.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 58561.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60021.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        55550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 59687.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59375.420875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            4                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst              4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst              5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           28                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           99                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           142                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          354                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           66                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total              572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst           54                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data           16                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total             572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       533000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       271000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       269000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       381000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1454000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      4902000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       697500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       755000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       696000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7050500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14115000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       500500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2674000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       247500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17537000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3267500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        49500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       346500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        99000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3762500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14115000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8169500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       500500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2674000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1101500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     28350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     14115000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8169500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst       500500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data       747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst      2674000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1101500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst       247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data       795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     28350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.226054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.929577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.090909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.636364                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.181818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.730769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.610278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.027322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.147541                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.846154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.640000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19035.714286                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19357.142857                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19214.285714                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        19050                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19131.578947                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49515.151515                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 49821.428571                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50333.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49714.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49651.408451                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49526.315789                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        50050                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49518.518519                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        49500                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49539.548023                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49507.575758                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        49500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        49500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data        49500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49506.578947                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49526.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49512.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        50050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        49800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49518.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        49500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49562.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 49526.315789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49512.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst        50050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        49800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 49518.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 50068.181818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst        49500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 49687.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49562.937063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              271                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               208                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           430                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port        36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   36608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              261                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     915    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 915                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              685132                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2860000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         3976                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         1120                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1854                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2221                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         1056                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             273                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            273                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              424                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             424                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1566                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          655                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1149                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          579                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          372                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1015                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side          360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                  5866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        43648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        10944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side        41472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side         1600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total                 183616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                            1028                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples             2918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.265250                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           1.153418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                   1002     34.34%     34.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                    794     27.21%     61.55% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    468     16.04%     77.59% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                    654     22.41%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total               2918                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy            3048992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy            700999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy            500989                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy            550995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy            435970                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy            554485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy            441968                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy            552992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy            411482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
